Create rule S6407[terraform]: Creating App Engine handlers without requiring TLS is security-sensitive (#725)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6407/recommended.adoc

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

> It's recommended to always require TLS to request sensitive App Engine handlers, setting the security level to `SECURE_ALWAYS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended for App Engine handlers to require TLS for all traffic. It can be achieved by setting the security level to `SECURE_ALWAYS`.
```
